CodeIgniter Nginx Configuration
--------------------------------
This setup has 2 goals in mind:

* **Security**: Share only the index.php front controller on the web, not the entire source code and configs.  
* **Easy Updates**: Updating the CodeIgniter core code is just a matter of replacing the "system" folder.
    * _It's unlikely that CodeIgniter's index.php file will change, but keep an eye on it_

**Assumptions**  
_Adjust accordingly_

* Web sites are stored in `/var/www/sites/`
* The domain name is "example.com"
* The OS in use is Ubuntu 8.04.3 LTS

**Shared & Current Explained**  
The folder structure used is as follows:

	var/
		www/
			sites/
				example.com/
					current/
						application/
						public/
						system/
					shared/
						logs/

The reason for the shared & current folders is because I use [Capistrano](http://www.capify.org) for deployment. However, having a current and shared folder is still beneficial if you are not using Capistrano. The reasons being:

* You can keep your nginx logs, CodeIgniter logs, and any other logs relating to each site in their own `shared` folder.
* When updating CodeIgniter, you can just delete the `system` folder and copy a new one in its place without worry of deleting log files.
* If you are storing files uploaded by users it's safer to store them in the `shared` folder, to avoid accidental deletions during updates to anything in the `current` folder.

Simply put, `current` is for code and `shared` is for anything generated by the code/site/server.

For the above to work, I symlink `/var/www/sites/example.com/current/system/logs/` to `/var/www/sites/example.com/shared/logs/` explained below.

Instructions
-------------
### Setup ###
First we need to setup our folder structure:

	sudo mkdir -p /var/www/sites/example.com/{current,shared}

Now copy your CodeIgniter files into `/var/www/sites/example.com/current/`

Start in the base folder of the CodeIgniter install:

	cd /var/www/sites/example.com/current/

The default structure looks like this:

	index.php
	license.txt
	system/
		application/
	user_guide/

### Folder Structure ###
Create a `public` folder:

	mkdir public

Move index.php into the `public` folder:

	mv index.php public/

Create an `assets` folder in the `public` folder:  
_Put all your CSS, JS and images into this folder_

	mkdir public/assets

Move the `system/application` folder outside of the `system` folder:

	mv system/application/ application

Our folder structure should now look like this:

	application/
	license.txt
	public/
		assets/
		index.php
	system/
	user_guide/

### CodeIgniter paths ###
Edit the CodeIgniter front controller:

	nano public/index.php

Make the following changes:

	$system_folder = "../system";
	$application_folder = "../application";

Edit your application config:

	nano application/config/config.php

Make the following changes:

	$config['uri\_protocol'] = "PATH_INFO";

### Symlink logs ###
First move the logs folder and tidy up the folder:

	mv system/logs ../shared/logs
	rm ../shared/logs/index.html

Now create the symlink:

	ln -nfs /var/www/sites/example.com/shared/logs/ /var/www/sites/example.com/current/system/

Note that if you delete the `system` folder during an update you must create the `system/logs` symlink again.